doc/nrf/app_dev/bootloader_dfu/mcuboot_nsib: NVM protection (#28821)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

* Removed support for Device Firmware Update (DFU) of the nRF70 Series firmware patch, together with the ``SB_CONFIG_DFU_MULTI_IMAGE_PACKAGE_WIFI_FW_PATCH``, ``SB_CONFIG_DFU_ZIP_WIFI_FW_PATCH``, and ``CONFIG_NRF_WIFI_FW_PATCH_DFU`` Kconfig options.
  See the :ref:`migration_3.5` for details.

> * Added :ref:`ug_bootloader_nrf54l_memory_protection` page to document the memory protection features of the bootloader on the nRF54L Series.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added the :ref:`ug_bootloader_nrf54l_memory_protection` documentation page explaining the memory protection features of the bootloader on the nRF54L Series.
```
